Hey, Anthropic just dropped Claude
Co-work and today I'm going to be
showing you how to set up a head of
content coworker. Your new head of
content will be able to scrape hundreds
of posts across X, Instagram, Tik Tok,
and YouTube to find the best performing
content in your niche. And it goes
beyond just scraping the text. Your head
of content can actually watch the best
videos and give you a list of winning
content ideas specifically tailored for
each platform. Plus, you get a playbook
of winning hooks, formats, and styles
that are killing it in your niche for
each platform. This cooworker does about
6 hours of content research in 15
minutes, and I'm giving it away for free
in this video with no sign up or
anything. Basically, Claude Co-work is
Claude Code for the rest of your work.
Think organizing files, reading reports,
building PowerPoints, but it's way more
powerful than that because it's built on
Claude Code, which is the best agent
harness out there right now. It can run
scripts and interact with your machine
on a much deeper level than typical
chats include desktop. And paired with
skills, it's even more powerful. Plus,
with a dead simple UI, you literally
just point it at a folder on your
computer and let it work. I'm extremely
excited for Claude Co-work because when
paired with Claude skills, it becomes a
truly monumental agentic workflow tool.
Skills are basically instruction files
that teach Claude how to do specific
jobs. They're markdown files with
prompts, workflows, and sometimes
scripts that Claude can execute on
runtime. And the magic is that skills
are composable. You can have an X
research skill that knows how to scrape
tweets and an Instagram research skills
that can do the same for reals. Those
are both paired with the video analyzer
skill that extracts hooks from videos
using the Gemini video analysis tool.
And then a content planner skill that
orchestrates all of them together. This
is what I mean when I say you can build
any workflow inside of co-work skills
paired with deterministic scripts give
you the reliability of traditional
automation with the flexibility of AI
agents. And this is what non-coding
workforces have been waiting for. The
work co-work can do actually overlaps
with the massive chunk of knowledge
workers with normal workflows and even
more of something like the virtual
assistant workflow. pretty easy to
foresee a library of co-worker
directories for a head of sales, head of
marketing, and head of support all
sitting in your Claude desktop. If you
want to try the head of content for
yourself in Claude Co-work, then here's
how. First thing you're going to want to
do is go to the GitHub repository, which
is linked in the description below. It's
completely free, and download the files.
So, if you're already familiar with Git,
that means cloning the repository onto
your local machine. If not, just head to
the green button here and press
download. unzip the folders and put them
on your computer in a place where you'd
like. Once you've done that, open up the
repository in Visual Code Studio or
honestly you could probably just do this
in Finder. Just copy and paste the
environment variable like I'm about to
show you now. So, I'm going to do it in
cursor just cuz that's what I'm
comfortable with. But you can do this
directly in the file directory or you
can do this in Visual Code Studio or
anything. So, go to the left hand side
here and find that.example file. What
you want to do is select it. Press
command C and commandV. That'll make a
new copy of the env. Then you need to
rename it as just env. This is our
secure file that allows us to store our
API keys so that the Claude skills are
able to interact and run these scripts
that are in this folder. Now, you're
going to want to open your and just copy
and paste in your TubeLab API key, your
Apify token, and your Gemini API key. If
you don't know how to generate any of
these, the links to the documentation
are right here, and there's a detailed
readme in the repository with all the
instructions that you'll need to sign up
for those tools. Uh there's also links
in the description below to sign up for
these tools. So, once you've got all of
your environment keys saved into here,
you can press save. I'm going to do that
off camera. The next thing we want to do
is jump into Claude Co-work and go to
the settings tab where we'll add in the
skills that we just downloaded from the
repo. So, you want to go down to the
capabilities tab and scroll down in here
to skills and then press add. Go upload
from skill and then click upload. Next,
navigate to the head of content folder
and find all of these skill files.
You'll need to upload each of these
individually. It's super annoying. So,
Anthropic, if you're watching, please
let me upload all of the skills at the
same time. So, once you've got all your
skills uploaded, it's going to look
something like this. Uh, and you can
disable them. I wouldn't recommend that,
though. The other thing we're going to
need to do in the capabilities tab is
allow network egress. We're going to
need to make sure that that's checked as
yes. And then for the domain allow list,
I have all domains set. Once you've done
that, that's pretty much all you need to
do. You can go back to the co-work tab
and press new task. And then you just
need to go down to this button down
here. This will say work anywhere, but
since I've already set it up, it's
saying my directory. Click that and then
go choose a different folder. Then you
need to find your head of content
folder, which I have open here, and
press open. This tells Claude Cowwork
that this is the folder that we're
working in. And here, which is where all
our scripts are being saved and housed.
So, we have a few different key
directories here. The doc claude folder
is where we're keeping our context,
which is where you go in and add in all
of the different accounts that you're
looking to scrape every time that the
head of content runs. That's the same
for Instagram, Tik Tok, and X. But the
only difference here is YouTube because
we're using the Tube Lab API which has a
really great out of the box outliers API
uh where instead of giving it giving
TubeLab information about what channels
we want to scrape, we're giving TubeLab
information about ourselves and then
we're able to identify the keywords and
niches that are related to the types of
videos that we're posting. So that's why
in this file you'll include like your
channel handle and channel ID and then
that's what Claude will use to go and
run those uh skills. Uh so outside of
the context folder there's also the
skills folder which is where all of the
different uh Claude skills that we've
added into the repo are living. So
there's the content planner which is the
orchestration layer. This content
planner skill works with each of the
other different skills to come up with
uh the content plan at the end. This is
the one that's telling Claude to spin up
the four sub agents. So that's why
there's there's no scripts in the in the
content planner uh skill because it
doesn't actually really do that much.
It's just telling Claude to spin up sub
agents and run each of the other skills.
So if we look at X research for
instance, uh there's two scripts, a
fetch tweets and also an analyze posts.
So once it's fetched all the information
from the ampy scraper, it then runs the
analyze posts which is how we come up
with the outlier scores and then all of
the information for that is within the
skill.md file. That same pattern is
carried across uh all of the researchers
except for YouTube research uh and then
obviously video content analyzer. So as
I said before skills are composable. So
that means that the X research skill can
actually tell Claude to call another
skill being the video content analyzer,
which is how I've got it set up at the
moment. So when X research, Tik Tok
research or Instagram research
identifies outliers, it'll take the best
five videos that are performing the
highest and pass those to the video
content analyzer which uses the Gemini
API to actually watch the videos and
come up with insights around the hooks,
the structure, the script, the visuals
to find what about that video is
actually making it perform well and then
taking those insights uh back to the
report that gets generated at the end.
So that's how the the skills directory
works. You'll also see that skills are
packaged up here at the bottom. And
these are the skills that you're adding
into Claude Co-work directly. These
skill files are literally just packaged
up versions of each of those little
folders that I just showed you. Outside
of that, there's really not that much to
it apart from the output directories. So
there's content plans, Instagram
research, Tik Tok research, X research,
and YouTube research. All of these
folders are at the root of the
directory. And this is where our
finished research products uh get saved
by Claude. So I've got an example here
of the content ideas file which is saved
here, the Instagram playbook, the Tik
Tok playbook, the X playbook, and the
YouTube playbook. Those are all saved
within the particular run file. And
that's the same for everything else. So
every time you run Instagram research,
regardless of whether that's as part of
the higher level content planning skill,
uh it will create a run within uh the
Tik Tok research folder. So I can
actually go for that most recent report
that I did go and find the particular
outlier data directly see the raw JSON
from the scraper and then get the report
as well as well as the video analysis
and that same pattern is carried across
all of the different output folders
here. So it's the same for X research.
There's no video analysis file because
call the video analysis tool and for
YouTube research as well. What we also
get with YouTube is transcripts and
thumbnails. I can see all of the
different thumbnails that the research
skill has pulled in. And then from here,
the plan is to to take these thumbnails,
give it to a thumbnail generator tool,
and use Nano Banana to to swap in faces
um to recreate these thumbnail
thumbnails and make edits. You're also
getting the full transcript as well um
for YouTube research when it deems it's
necessary. It doesn't always run that,
but you can always change that in the
skill instructions. We also have the
outlier information and then the final
report as well as well as the video
analysis.json.
So those are the files that are output.
And if you're looking at this inside of
uh cursor and thinking that looks really
overwhelming. I'm not going to interact
with it like that. That's totally fine.
You can still interact with all of these
output files directly in Finder. So So
in Finder, I have the head of content
folder which is where all of these files
are living. And I have the output
folders. So I can see my content plans
all saved as markdown files. You can
even ask Claude to save these as PDFs if
you wanted to and just expand on the
skills to get more portable formats. So
that's how you would interact with it if
you're not comfortable using something
like an IDE to do that. So if I go into
Claude Co-work and I start with a create
me a content plan for this week, that
will kick off Claude to to start working
on it. So the first thing Claude's going
to do is look for the skills uh that it
has loaded in. So you can see that it's
used the content planner skill and
that's where it's getting the
instructions to go and use the rest of
the skills that we've loaded into the
claude co-work repository. Starts to run
a bunch of commands reads all the files
and you can start to see what files it's
reading in the right hand side in the
context window. So you can see that's
reading the YouTube X accounts,
Instagram accounts, and Tik Tok
accounts, uh, all from that context
folder within the doc directory. Now,
it's going to ask us a few key
questions. What platforms do I want to
include in this content plan? All four.
And I just want a twoe calendar. What
type of content do you want to
prioritize? For me, I'm going to say
long form YouTube content, but you can
do anything. And then once I've answered
those questions, that'll kick Claude off
into updating its to-do list, which
we'll see come up in the right hand side
here. uh and we can see a little bit of
an insight into how Claude code is
thinking. So it's going to create the
master run folder which is creating
those new folders within each of the
different output directories and then
it's going to start the research agents.
So the really smart thing about this
head of content is that we're using sub
agents to do the research for each of
the particular platforms. So that
content planner skill doesn't really
have all that many instructions to it.
The content planner is just taking the
research that it gets from the X
research, YouTube research skills and
then formatting that into our content
ideas and playbooks that we want to see
at the end of it. So it doesn't actually
have any information about how to do the
scrapes. All it knows is that it needs
to create four sub agents and instruct
each of those sub aents to take one
particular category of scraping. That
sub agent then actually reads this
relevant skill and goes and completes
the scraping job and creates their uh
summarized report which is what the
content planner ingests to create your
final content ideas and content
playbooks. Uh so we can see that claude
code has already started our four uh sub
aents and these are running in parallel.
So this is going to be a lot faster if
we just created one skill to go out and
create uh to do all this research. And
we also get the benefit of not eating up
our context window. So context window in
co-work is 200,000 tokens which is the
same as called code. Each of those
different agents is operating within its
own separate context window. Meaning
that each research agent has 200,000
tokens and our top level content planner
run which is what we're looking at here
in cloud co-work has its own 200,000
tokens. So, we're preserving our tokens
for the actual output and the the
content ideas and playbooks, which is
the important part. This is going to
take about 10 minutes uh to run. So,
while this is happening, you can go and
do literally anything and come back and
check on it. You don't have to sit here
and stare at it like I'm going to. Uh
but we'll come back once it's finished.
Great. So, it looks like our head of
content is done. That's taken about 10
minutes, less than 15 definitely. And in
the output that we can see, it's
completed all of the different research
for the platforms that we wanted to do.
So X, Instagram, YouTube, and Tik Tok,
it's given us our top three content
ideas, and it's created our twoe
calendar starting on January 20th. So in
5 days time, I don't know why it picked
January 20th, but of course you can. It
all comes down to prompting. So if you
wanted to do something else, you you
could. It created a bunch of different
files and these are all stored in the
artifacts the artifacts menu here as
well as accessible in the chat and
they're in the head of content
repository or or folders. So we can see
all the different tasks that Claude's
checked off to get done and here's the
content ideas. So if I can open it up
inside a co-work directly and I can see
that it's analyzed about 2,000 posts on
X and it's given us our high priority
topics. So Claude codes workflows and
setup has 465,000k
plus engagement on X, but that's not
really present on YouTube. So I should
be focusing on some cold code workflows
and setup as well as spec based AI
development, AI orchestration, and
generational world plus AI positioning,
which uh I'm not sure about that one.
It's also given us a bunch of different
high outlier tweets. say the best ones
that returned as part of that X research
and some details about why they did well
and how you could take those and change
them a little bit and repost it for
yourself. So, the suggested angles uh as
well as uh the trending topics and
hashtags and our twoe calendar down the
bottom here, which I said that I wanted
to focus on long form content, so it has
a heavy focus on YouTube. It's going to
be a 15-minute tutorial on how I use
Claude Code to build features in under
an hour. uh and that's planned out for
the next 2 weeks for me. Uh it's also
given me some research around YouTube
and content production notes as well as
our sources down the bottom. So that's
the highle content ideas file. In
addition to that, you also get the
YouTube playbook, Xplaybook and
Instagram playbook. So these playbooks
are more specific to what to that
particular platform and what's working
on that platform. So that might be the
different hooks, the different video
styles, the filming techniques, the
angles, all of that uh stuff that's
working on uh let's say Instagram for
example. That is what we're going to see
in these different playbooks. So we got
the winning hook and then on Tik Tok
we've got the same. So that's what those
playbooks are and feel free to try this
for yourself and run and jump in and
really see all the different value.
Again, just if you're not happy with
something that's in the playbook, just
go and update the skill. The skills are
in markdown. They're not code. You can
you can just go into the skill directory
and change the text and you'll get a
different result. I just want to zoom
out for a second because this workflow
would have taken me 6 hours to complete
if I was doing it by hand. And with
Claude Co-work that's taken about 15
minutes and it's great in its current
state. We get so much valuable insights
as to what type of content is working
across all of the different platforms.
But you can see the next logical step
here is adding in the ability to create
rather than just research. So whether
that's creating scripts, thumbnails,
editing videos, all of that stuff.
That's where I want to take this repo
and and transform it from more of a
researcher into a creator and really as
a a co-orker for marketing. And you
could even take it another step further
than that. Imagine if it was able to
scrape ad creative. take that ad
creative and create something for your
brand in your niche and based on the
winning outliers that that are working
in the marketplace at the moment. If you
found this video useful, hit like and
subscribe. I really appreciate it. I'm
planning a bunch more content around
Claude Co-work cuz I'm really excited
for this tool. If you have any
suggestions around workflows you'd like
to see automated or different types of
co-worker directories that I could build
out, please drop a comment below. Thanks
guys.